WORK IN PROGRESS NEEDS BETTER DOCUMENTATION AND EXAMPLES -- FEEL FREE TO CHECK IT OUT THOUGH

If you like what you see but see something wrong, feel free to add an issue

h1. Toupee + Mustache = Disguise

What is disguise you ask? It is a quick demo <!-- (<a href="#">view demo</a> coming soon) --> I setup to show the functionality of Toupee.

h2. What makes up Toupee?

*The "structure" layer *
It's the barebones style-set to get something going.
It is comprised of reset.css, grid.css, typography.css, forms.css
button.css and modules.css

*The "base design" layer*
The first visual layer. It would include brand,
brand colors, specific styles related to that of your site design

*The "application specific" layer (optional)*
Lets say that two or three applications fall under your brand, you can create application specific styles in this layer.


h2. What is {{Mustache}}?

Mustache is a logic-less templating system for HTML, config files, anything. Created by <a href="http://github.com/defunkt">defunkt</a>


h2. Installation

Grab your Toupee -- http://github.com/marchdoe/toupee

What I generally do is symlink (sorry was never was able to get git submodules
to work correctly) in the toupee assets into the public folder.

and now for your mustache
- rubygems
- gem install mustache
- cd disguise
- rackup config.ru
- open http://localhost:9292


...and now you have a Disguise

Currently Disguise only uses mustache but I look to expand in the future to work with other languages and frameworks.

Currently there is no support for Internet Explorer of any kind. Please Feel free to report bugs in IE so when the time comes they can be fixed.








h2. This couldn't have been created without the hard work of the following people.

{{Mustache}}
Chris Wanstrath (<a href="http://github.com/defunkt">defunkt</a>)

reset.css is based on work by:
Eric Meyer (<a href="http://meyerweb.com">meyerweb.com</a>)

buttons.css is based on work by:
Nick La (<a href="ndesign-studio.com">ndesign-studio.com</a>)

grid.css and typography.css is based on work by:
The Blueprint Team (<a href="http://www.blueprintcss.org/">Blueprint CSS</a>)



